README.md, before:

# Online Store (study project)

## Task 02_git
We will store source code of our OnlineStore in GitHub. Before start you should read and understand git principals and main git commands.

Please create GitHub repo and append your trainer to this repo!

While doing each task, you should create a separate branch with the name of the topic, e.g. 02_git, push you task code to this branch and create a pull request from your branch to master branch, and assign it to your trainer.

Status: completed;

## Task 03_oop
Before start creating source code, read carefully all materials about OOP. It is not only 3 principles for interview;)

Store functionality should be based on above principles.

Classes to create:

- Product with such attributes as [name, rate, price]
- Category classes with the name attribute, for each store category [bike, phone, milk]
- Store - class that should handle category list and products that belong to each category
- RandomStorePopulator - utility class that will populate out store/category with fake data using Faker lib
- StoreApp - class with main method to execute our store scenario.

When invoke main method, application should init store with categories and products and pretty print this data. Also, categories should be read dynamically (at runtime), from base category package using reflections lib.

Status: In progress

Commit message:

Relocate package model from consoleApp module to store module Relocate xml config from consoleApp module to store module Relocate Parser and ParserHandler from consoleApp module to store module Refactoring of code

README.md, after:

# Online Store (study project)

## Task 02_git
We will store source code of our OnlineStore in GitHub. Before start you should read and understand git principals and main git commands.

Please create GitHub repo and append your trainer to this repo!

While doing each task, you should create a separate branch with the name of the topic, e.g. 02_git, push you task code to this branch and create a pull request from your branch to master branch, and assign it to your trainer.

Status: completed;

## Task 03_oop
Before start creating source code, read carefully all materials about OOP. It is not only 3 principles for interview;)

Store functionality should be based on above principles.

Classes to create:

- Product with such attributes as [name, rate, price]
- Category classes with the name attribute, for each store category [bike, phone, milk]
- Store - class that should handle category list and products that belong to each category
- RandomStorePopulator - utility class that will populate out store/category with fake data using Faker lib
- StoreApp - class with main method to execute our store scenario.

When invoke main method, application should init store with categories and products and pretty print this data. Also, categories should be read dynamically (at runtime), from base category package using reflections lib.

Status: Completed

## Task #4
Starting extend our store. Please append ability user to interact with our store, while sending commands thru read stream.

Add support of such commands:

sort - products from store according config. In resources folder create xml config file

Config file can contains from 1 to N fields. Sort should be done using Comparator. Sort and print should not modify default store product lists and their order.
top - print top 5 products sorted via price desc

quit - exit app

Status: In progress
